the fast of impossible causes in the valley
of the salt to open all the stamps Carlos
Your life has been from locked carts.
in all areas
health disease undiagnosed and
drug addiction in love
separation and betrayal in the family and addictions
incurable diseases in the financial
unemployment misery lack of customers in the
spirit to discouragement and depression
wishes
know that behind all these
problems the soul root a pants are
chaste than evil forces that of some
have entered their paths
The only way to beat them is to break them.
his forces through the jeju as the
lord jesus
but this evil caste does not expel
but the power of prayer and fasting the
I like flávio Pastor Flavio he goes
to be on the fasting of the
impossible causes goes from the factor Saturday to
It was a good day, people, it was you.
has an impossible cause every Saturday 76
we fast on the basis of what Christ
said that it is an evil spirit that only falls
only loose the areas of the person's life for
halfway through fasting when he spoke
this he was referring to the epileptic boy
that the disciples try to expel that
he barely left but he said that
caste this kind this kind of evil to
beat him with fasting and for this reason
we have a meeting that is dedicated in
fasting Saturday 7 6
the fasting of impossible causes
the last door to solve this
problem of difficult solution
Saturday at 7 a.m. and 10 a.m. on the avenue
joão dias
1800 santo amaro